Fix v2 sample test and split into mocha + jest versions (#979)
firebase/functions-samples: 2nd-gen/test-functions-mocha/README.md

# Firebase Functions Test - Quickstart

> This quickstart demonstrates how to run unit tests on gen-2 functions.

Reviewer: I keep asking myself if we're calling it "Functions v2" or "Functions 2nd gen", but looking at the [docs for the public preview](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/2nd-gen/overview) I think it's the later.

```suggestion
This quickstart demonstrates how to run unit tests on Cloud Functions (2nd gen).
```

Reviewer 2: We're sticking with `v2` in Firebase-land

## Setting up the sample

> 1. Clone or download this repo and open the `2nd-gen/test-functions`

Reviewer 2: (same for Jest)

> 1. Clone or download this repo and open the `2nd-gen/test-functions`

Author: Updated!
